Hi, I'm Travis Willingham and I'm playing
Mecha Superman in Infinite Crisis. I was first
shown artwork of Mecha Superman walking into
the studio and immediately you recognize the
size and sort of the bulk and strength that's
apparent with the character, and Mecha Superman
was created in the Mecha universe where Clark
was a sickly kid and kinda built a friend
with Kryptonian technology. Maybe a playmate,
maybe a protector, but when Clark dies at
a very young age, Mecha Superman is left there
in his place, kind of with that same child-like
wonderment. Maybe that youth and pureness
that you see in Clark when he's a kid.
Finding a voice for a character the very first
time is always a merging of the minds. It's
just a chance to play make-believe and create
something that's never existed before. Especially
in a character that hasn't really been introduced
to the public before. As far as I know Mecha
Superman doesn't appear anywhere else except
in this game.
You'll come to the plate with what you think
a great starting for him his and you'll
take the input from the directors and the
clients and you'll finally find something
that you think really represents the sound
for that character that you want. The fact
that he looks like he's built out of massive
amounts of farm equipment, that's- automatically
going to increase the size of the voice. You
know, he needs to have a larger register and
just kind of boom a bit more. As tempted as
I was to kinda make him *high pitched* sound like this,
they... they... won't let me. *sighs*
I know the drill.
It's always a process of patience and just
figuring out what works best for the character
until you arrive at that thing that you think
hones in and you can kind of lock-in and do
it in a certain repetitive way.
Infinite Crisis is here to play. Use me, Mecha
Superman, an instrument for good.